Okay, so we pretty much done with
the image processing at this point, right?
And we saw how a couple of interesting
things about convolutional neural
networks and
fully connected neural networks,
and even how to try to explain
what the neural network done.
But images,
it's kind of unique data source
because you have a particular resolution,
right?
And you can rescale, and
it's already in digital form, right?
In pretty convenient digital form.
Intensity of the pixel is just basically,
this integer number which can easily
converted to point if you want them.
And that can be provided as
the input to your neural network.
And somewhat's different with text,
so when you have letters,
Of course, you can just simply take
the character representation, right?
But those characters does not
directly associated with the words.
So the one how you can
actually converts text to
numbers which can be used to
train your neural network
is to simply create
the vocabulary of the words.
And actually,
if you want to play with the datasets,
the one is already provided as
part of the keras datasets.
IMDB dataset,
it's just the reviews from IMDB,
well famous movie, reviews database.
And simply if you try to visualize
what's training looks like,
just those list of integers.
And the thing is, you can even specify
how many unique words you want to have.
In this case, 10,000 unique words, and
basically those integer numbers correspond
to a particular word in our reviews.
And training labels,
so if I just let's say,
print not the training data,
but training label.
Labels, it will simply tell you 1 or 0,
1 being positive review and
0 being negative review.
And the thing how you can do,
what you can do, by the way,
if you convert those, so
let me go back to data quickly.
So if you just convert those indexes
of words back to the vocabulary,
and that's I'm showing you how to do this.
You're just getting the word indexes,
right?
And kind of transforming the dictionary
to get from value to key,
you basically reforming dictionary
to get key from the value.
And you can print out for
instance, first review, so
this field was just brilliant casting,
da da da da da.
So that's the dataset but explicit,
but for our neural networks,
we would like those numbers, right?
And you can even see the whole can at
least have words and corresponding
index and those indexes, they are sorted.
So the most common word
will have the lowest index.
So having those indexes and those words,
the next step is to basically
vectorize your sequence, right?
Vectorization, let me
quickly just go through it.
Vectorization means that we'll just
look at all of the indixes, create one
list with, remember, we specified that
we won't have 10,000 unique words.
And then we will just put the In
this 10,000 integer sequence,
we will just flip those where
we have the warts located.
So let's say if we had that,
I think the first index correspond to or
that, there's ants and third one is A.
So if we had the word the, the article,
the, and ant in our article those
corresponding beats will be flipped.
And that will be the input
to our neural network.
So the simplest one if you
use this hot encoding,
that's what vectorization technique is
used for, you can use the dense layer and
so that your neural network
actually can be really simple.
For instance, in this case,
I'm just using 16 neurons in dense layer,
connecting another 16 [INAUDIBLE].
[INAUDIBLE] just because I'm trying to
figure out if the review was positive or
negative, only one neuron is
enough to actually activate it or
not activate, so it will be activated
if the review was positive and
that is what I'm gonna be training it.
So let's just quickly split our
dataset into training and testing.
And we can start streaming, let's see
how much each of them are two seconds,
yeah, it should not be that bad.
So you can see that from
the beginning I am getting about 82%
prediction on the validation dataset,
which is not bad, it's not bad at all.
And we can get up to 90%, I think.
So later on, I can use this
trained model to provide any,
yeah, let's finish the the training
session because I wanna visualize how our
accuracy was changing for the training
data set and for the validation data set.
So remember,
I can take a look at the history, right?
And in the history, it's a dictionary
with loss binary accuracy,
validation loss, and
validation binary accuracy.
We'll use and
I can simply visualize those.
So you see that the training
accuracy was increasing, right?
And almost converge to a 100%,
but at the same time accuracy for
the validation data set increased
initially and then start dropping.
So that's the example of overfitting and
you should definitely avoid it.
So what to do in this case is
probably stop my training at around,
I didn't know four epochs, and
that's gonna be good enough.
So I can simply redo this, right?
So reinitialize the model and
say, train my model only for
four epochs and
that should be done pretty quickly.
And if I look at the results, so
model evolution will just simply,
if you provide the test, it will give you
the value of the loss function and
the final accuracy.
So up to 88%, not bad.
All right, so that's how you
basically process the text and
one way of the processing the text
is just grading this hot encoding,
the problem with this is
that I'm creating 10,000
element array for each kind of input line.
It means that I'm basically sacrificing
a lot of memory to prepare this data,
because I'm kinda switching
to this representation.
But it's really easy to feed
this into my model afterwards.
So the trade off is basically, yeah,
[LAUGH] we're spending more memory but
it's gonna be easier to
process the data afterwards.
Alternative way to prepare
your words instead of playing
with indexing and creating this hot-
>> I have a question.
>> Yes?
>> So you said in this example that you
overfed the data and so the validation-
>> Dropped.
>> Yeah, dropped,
with this be an example of,
I guess we went to the end of the demo.
But would this be invalid data,
would you rerun this with a different
input so you wouldn't see that drop or
is this-
>> So basically, what happens when I rerun
it, I should return back.
So I was running this, the original,
the first one, I was running for
20 epochs, right?
So I get to some like
almost 90% accuracy and
then the accuracy stop dropping to
something like 85% for instance, right?
So with this what I did, I simply rerun
my model but only used four epochs.
So I basically stopped as soon as we
get kinda to this point right here.
>> So you knew that this was gonna
happen so the rest of the example-
>> Exactly, so
I'm just simply ignore the overfitting.